# Market-Research-for-Mobile-App-
Our company is planning to develop new mobile applications in next 6 month. To better understand our customers and adjust our marketing strategy, we did a survey in California state about people’s preference, usage, purchasing and other related data of mobile applications. People take surveys are mostly in between 18 to 24 years old (the whole dataset skewed to young age), in college level(currently or graduated), married or single without children. The numbers of male and female are about even, and most of them are white/Caucasian. Income are normally distributed, the middle number is $40000-$49999 annually. Most people using Apple device or Android.
Key Insights
     By regrouping our survey questions, we divided data into TV, Shopping, Social, News, Effectiveness, Music, Entertainment & Games, Tech-Attitude and Opinion. By running correlation for all questions, we found that people have positive attitude in technology is interested in Social and TV; People have strong personality to effect other people widely interested in social, TV, music, effectiveness and Entertainment & Games, also they are more likely to purchase apps. By identifying different markets, we decide to focus on Top 3 markets.
Market 1:Life for fun
    Users in this market is more likely to purchase apps. They prefer social, music and TV apps. They have relatively strong opinion, activity trying new things and being opinion leader. The users cluster for this market is in all ages, income mainly in $15000-$29999, but there is also a group with high income that $150000 and over. Education level is wide spread. Mostly Single or Separated/Widowed/Divorced.
Market 2:Elite
    Users in this market prefer apps that will help with time management and effectiveness improvement. They are kind of interested in new technology, but prefer free apps. The cluster for this market is also in wild age range. People in this cluster either have low income or very high income, with extreme high or low education level. Most are single or single with a partner.
Market 3:Outsiders
       Users in this market prefer Entertainment & Game. Preference of purchasing is not clear. They don't like social, music apps, and have negative attitude in trying new things. The cluster for this market is also in wild age range. People in this cluster have relatively high income or low income, but variance is not much obvious. Most people have education over collage. Most are single with a partner, with children.
Recommendations
         To have better chance in growing market faster and gaining profit, company should focus on Market 1. Based on this market suggestion, company should develop apps in one or multiple in following industries: social, music and TV. The app should be purchased.  Company need to adjust marketing strategy to targeting part of opinion leaders, invest in social network advertisement to generate users in short time. Express the concept such as new, creative, adventures and creating in marketing. And further research on app pricing is needed.
